right guys it's actly the twice-over
vargas 2011 i think show me t-shirt yeah
backwards right let's not look
downloading I've calls that you can go
now I'm busy working man I'm staying
here all right right guys as you can see
absol in this hotel because mom still in
hospital two months after going in for a
week but we will talk about all that we
were buried with that what we were up
and robbed to come down to spend some
town they've been here for a weekend
yeah it's been a couple of weeks here
Iceland yeah it's contour me out with no
no no so we'll just wait to make a quick
video because mean Robert the hospital
today and we couldn't watch the
liverpool game so we can't really
comment on it we're going to watch match
the day later at with son yeah not
seeing a Mattrick portrait or anything
but five minutes video which i usually
do anyway you want to do watch again
just to get your opinions as to our you
think we did today and also you know i
like to know about individual player
performances and things like that
especially the new signings and what you
thought a team selection because
obviously i heard that you know before
the game on BBC Radio 5 Live that
actually put on in on money little TVs
in the in the hospital I had that guy
that much of a good player since she
said like I think of his name Andy
Carroll head that andy carroll was
benched and it didn't play I'd mean back
long so you know even a chance to read a
match report I don't even know the
starting line of myself so I'd like to
know what you thought the game the
performance the team selection and
individual player performances and
obviously I can't reply to all the
comments especially at the moment
because I'm at the hospital every day
until the evenings and that's about it
but will read and what we're up yeah
alright so we'll speak to you soon guys
and thanks you support you know you are
and yeah that's about it
you can sell one